docs: external dependencies and resource weight (#4596)
werf/werf: docs/pages_en/reference/deploy_annotations.md

This article contains description of annotations which control werf resource operations and tracking of resources during deploy process. Annotations should be configured in the chart templates.

>  - [`werf.io/weight`](#resource-weight) — defines weight of the resource, which will affect deployment order of resources.
>  - [`<any-name>.external-dependency.werf.io/resource`](#external-dependency-resource) — wait for specified external dependency to be well and ready until the annotated resource can be deployed.
>  - [`<any-name>.external-dependency.werf.io/namespace`](#external-dependency-namespace) — specify namespace for external dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [`werf.io/weight`](#resource-weight) — defines the weight of the resource, which will affect the order in which the resources are deployed.
 - [`<any-name>.external-dependency.werf.io/resource`](#external-dependency-resource) — wait for specified external dependency to be up and running, and only then proceed to deploy the annotated resource.
 - [`<any-name>.external-dependency.werf.io/namespace`](#external-dependency-namespace) — specify the namespace for the external dependency.
```

More info about chart templates and other stuff is available in the [helm chapter]({{ "advanced/helm/overview.html" | true_relative_url }}).

## Resource weight

`werf.io/weight: "NUM"`

Example: \
`werf.io/weight: "10"` \
`werf.io/weight: "-10"`

> Can be a positive number, negative number, or a zero. Value passed as a string. If not specified, then `weight` is set to 0. Works only for non-hook resources. For Hooks use `helm.sh/hook-weight`, which works almost the same.
> 
> Sets resource weight, which defines order of resources deployment. Resources grouped by their weight, then groups deployed sequentially, from groups with the lowest weight to the highest. Next batch of resources won't be deployed until previous group is deployed successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Can be a positive number, a negative number, or a zero. 
- Value is passed as a string. If omitted, the `weight` is set to 0 by default. 
- Works for non-Hook resources only. For Hooks, use `helm.sh/hook-weight`, which works almost the same.

This parameter sets the weight of the resources, defining the order in which they are deployed. First, werf groups resources according to their weight and then sequentially deploys them, starting with the group with the lowest weight. In this case, werf will not proceed to deploy the next batch of resources until the previous group has been successfully deployed.
```
